[RI2 Ch3] Update purpose of RI2 wrt. RC2 (#2188)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_impl/cntt-ri2/chapters/chapter03.md

<a name="3.1"></a>
## 3.1 Introduction

> The purpose of this chapter is to list and describe the requirements on labs used to deploy and run the RI2. Overall, the RI2 serves the following purposes which guide the definition of requirements in this chapter:

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
The purpose of this chapter is to list and describe the requirements on labs used to deploy and run the RI2. Overall, the RI2 serves the following purpose which guide the definition of requirements in this chapter:
```

Author: Shouldn't it be kept plural as there are three bullets below it?

Reviewer 2: I have to admit that both, singular and plural, sound a bit weird to me - but I am not a native speaker. Just as an alternative proposal, how about something like "... Overall, the RI2 has the following objectives which guide..."?

Reviewer: @michaelspedersen yes -- sorry my mistake.

1. RI2 is an implementation of and a proving ground for the [Reference Architecture 2 (RA2) specification](../../../ref_arch/kubernetes). RI2 is verified against RA2 through the [Reference Conformance 2 (RC2) specification](../../../ref_cert/RC2).

> 1. RI2 will align itself with the implementation work conducted within the [Cloud Native OVP](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/x/agCDAQ) program.

Reviewer 3: OVP program expanded would be OPNFV verification program program?
```suggestion
1. RI2 will align itself with the implementation work conducted within the [Cloud Native OVP](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/x/agCDAQ).
```

> 1. RI2 enables software vendors of CNFs and cloud container platforms to deploy a reference implementation in their development environment to develop and validate against.

Reviewer: nit - why do we care which environment the vendors deploy RI on
```suggestion
1. RI2 enables software vendors of CNFs and cloud container platforms to deploy a reference implementation in their environment to develop and validate against.
```

> As a result of these, RI2 must be deployable in different lab environments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, RI2 must be deployable in different environments:
```

Reviewer 2: fine with me.

1. internal development labs of software vendors, operators and 3rd party test labs,

> 1. public community labs (e.g. OPNFV),

Reviewer: if not deleted -- a precious suggestion is rejected, then correct typo
```suggestion
1. public community labs (e.g. Anuket (formerly OPNFV))
```

Author: @pgoyal01 I took a bit from both of the proposals. Let me know if that works

The purpose of this chapter is to list and describe the requirements on labs used to deploy and run the RI2. Overall, the RI2 serves two purposes which guide the definition of requirements in this chapter:

> 1. RI2 serves as a baseline and proving ground for the [Reference Architecture 2 (RA2) specification](../../../ref_arch/kubernetes). It is verified through the [Reference Conformance 2 (RC2) specification](../../../ref_cert/RC2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. RI2 is an implementation of and a proving ground for the [Reference Architecture 2 (RA2) specification](../../../ref_arch/kubernetes). RI2 is verified against RA2 through the [Reference Conformance 2 (RC2) specification](../../../ref_cert/RC2).
```
